docs: Update Client Requirements template for 3.0 release (#27802)
microsoft/FluidFramework: tools/markdown-magic/src/templates/Client-Requirements-Template.md

Reviewer: We should add Node20 to the list.
I'd like to drop Node16, but bohemia still has that set broadly.
I haven't read all of the differences, but I know that Node20 is needed to allow ESM use by CJS. That isn't enough motivation to drop 16. I plan to use Node20 in FF when doing some CJS using ESM packages testing.

The following are the platform requirements for using Fluid Framework client libraries.

> These requirements err on the side of being conservative, policies may be relaxed within a major version series, but not made stricter.

Author: ```suggestion
These requirements err on the side of being conservative.
Policies may be relaxed within a major version series, but not made stricter.
```

# Supported Runtimes

> -   NodeJS versions 22 and 24 for as long as they are receiving [upstream support](https://nodejs.org/en/about/previous-releases).

Author: @jason-ha @CraigMacomber should we also be adding support for 26? Perhaps at the same time that we drop support for 22?

Reviewer: I think we should support all current stable versions. But until we've done at least one test I don't think we can commit to that. Checking with 26 and adding support note should be added to the backlog.

# Supported Runtimes

-   NodeJS versions 22 and 24 for as long as they are receiving [upstream support](https://nodejs.org/en/about/previous-releases).
    -   Support for version 22 will be dropped [when it loses upstream support on 2027-04-30](https://github.com/nodejs/release#release-schedule).
    -   Running Fluid in a Node.js environment with the `--no-experimental-fetch` flag is not supported.
-   Modern browsers supporting the es2022 standard library.

>     -   In response to requests, we can add explicit support for using babel to polyfill to target specific standards or runtimes (meaning we can avoid/remove use of things that don't polyfill robustly, but otherwise target modern standards).

Reviewer: I'm having trouble following this statement. Who is "we"? I think this should be addressing consumers - if this means they need to make a request, then be clear about how that request is to be made.

Author: I'm just going to remove this statement altogether. Since we're no longer prioritizing 3P customers, we can avoid encouraging requests. If something is critical for a 3P customer, they will likely file an issue regardless.

> 

Reviewer 2: The above statement about NodeJS version implies we currently support Node 22 and node 24 (since node 22 is less than a year from EOL).

That's fine I guess, but we might want to adjust the phrasing to just say we support Node22 and Node24 as long as they are not EOL, or something like that.

Author: Updated.

> 

Reviewer 2: Is the:

>- Running Fluid in a Node.js environment with the `--no-experimental-fetch` flag is not supported.

line above still relevant? Perhaps we can remove it?

Author: I'm not sure. @jason-ha any idea?

Reviewer: Where is copilot integration such that we can ask it right here what the history of that option is in nodejs?
From FF side, this was added Feb 2025 via #23796 per @WayneFerrao.
And per copilot the option is relevant to v22 but no longer in v24+. So, it should remain for now.

# Module Formats

-   ES Modules:
    ES Modules are the required way to consume our client packages (including in NodeJs).
-   CommonJs:

>     CommonJs is no longer officially supported as of version 3.0.

Reviewer 2: We might want to explicitly support require(ESM) (see https://nodejs.org/api/modules.html#loading-ecmascript-modules-using-require ) and ensure our ESM modules are compatible with that (in our case that mainly means avoiding top level await, which we currently do not use).

```suggestion
    We no longer publish CommonJs modules as of 3.0, however we do support loading our ES Modules from CommonJs using [require(ESM)](https://nodejs.org/api/modules.html#loading-ecmascript-modules-using-require) which is supported in NodeJS `>=22.12.0`.
```

Reviewer 2: Note that the change you made is stricter, which means we could do what you said for now, and then if customers need require(ESM) we could add support for it (as I suggested).

My suggestion would ban top level await in our code, where yours would not.

Thus maybe we want to do with your phrasing for now as that reserves our ability to do top level await, which is useful (like async loading wasm modules)

Reviewer 2: Either way, eventually we want to allow us to use top level await, so if we support require(ESM) in 3.0, we likely want to drop it in 4.0.

Author: > Note that the change you made is stricter, which means we could do what you said for now, and then if customers need require(ESM) we could add support for it (as I suggested).

This was my thinking. I generally erred on the side of under-promising with the expectation that we may end up wanting or needing to actually deliver more. 

I'd be fine applying your suggested changes if folks would prefer, but my inclination would be to err on the side of being stricter and coming back to this as needed.

Reviewer: We can say not officially supported and then go on to note that conditionally (experimentally?) require-ESM may be used to use FF from CJS. We'll want to add a note about using tsconfig options required. I think those might be:
```json
  "compilerOptions": {
    "module": "Node20", // or NodeNext
    "customConditions": ["module-sync"]
  }
```
but I need to recheck. I will reply when I confirm.

Reviewer: While a bit dangerous, it appears that only `"module": "node20"` (or later) is required for TypeScript to be happy and import ESM for CJS. I didn't have to use `"customConditions": ["module-sync"]`.
